You are hopeless and unrepentant
Okay, okay, let's say less.
It's been a night.
Let's go back to rest, let's go home
Hey, Xiaorong, you went to the wrong house. It's here
Cousin, I already have a place to live
I won't bother you
I'll tell him a few words, but he doesn't want to anymore.
Don't let me see him again
Hey, why is this person so annoying?
It's useless at all, it's just causing you trouble.
Here we go.
Yo, isn't this the rascal dog around Ruxin?
You are really lucky
Can you come out of the Qin family?
Why was it kicked out by the sender?
The dog has become the dog of burial
No wonder I was kicked out
Offended the Qin family
Even if it is for Ji Wensong to kneel down and lick his shoes
They're getting the hell out of here.
Stop
You know what this place is, you dare to go in